Update publish-extension.md (#3330)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/publish/publish-extension.md

<!-- ---------------------------------- -->
#### Review manifest field values

The following fields in the manifest file are automatically included in your store listing details.  The fields are read-only on the **Store listings** webpage (described below).

> Before uploading your package to Partner Center, inspect the manifest file to make sure that the field values match your preferred display on the store details<!-- todo: what title of webpage? bold --> webpage.

Reviewer: what is the title of the store details webpage?

Reviewer 2: It is called Store Listings 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e33dced2-f32f-4131-8260-6a5b49f700e9)

Reviewer: result:

The following fields in the manifest file are automatically included in your store listing details.
The fields are read-only on the **Store listings** webpage, which is described below.

Before uploading your package to Partner Center, inspect the manifest file to make sure that 
the field values match your preferred display on the **Store listings** webpage, as follows:

To submit your extension to Partner Center:

* [Step 1: Start a new submission](#step-1-start-a-new-submission).
* [Step 2: Upload the extension package](#step-2-upload-the-extension-package).

> * [Step 3: Provide Availability details](#step-3-provide-availability-details).

Reviewer: lowercased locally

> * [Step 3: Provide Availability details](#step-3-provide-availability-details).

Reviewer: @bhuvanapriyap  could simply use this page of the PR, click "Add single comment" - or batch (click Add To Batch on each PR Comment) and remember to submit the batch and don't leave this page until done.  b/c all comments are simply Suggestion comments.  so don't need to use local VS Code.

@captainbrosset - i fixed locally all Comments, but I can't push commit to fix all these Comments yet until I'm added as Collaborator on Bhuvana's fork of edge-dev repo.

* [Step 4: Enter Properties describing your extension](#step-4-enter-properties-describing-your-extension).

> * [Step 5: Add Store listing details for your extension](#step-5-add-store-listing-details-for-your-extension).

Reviewer: lowercased locally 2x

1. Click **Create new extension**.

<!-- ========================================================================== -->
## Step 2: Upload the extension package

The **Extension overview** page shows information for a specific extension:

![Extension page for a specific extension](./publish-extension-images/extension-page-for-specific-extension.png)

To upload the extension package:

1. On the left, click **Packages**.  The **Packages** page opens.

   You can only upload one package at a time. Your submission is blocked if the package upload isn't successful on the **Packages** page.

1. To upload your package, drag and drop the zip file to the **Drag your package here (.zip)** section of the page. Or you can select **Browse your files** to open a dialog to select the package to upload.

   After your package is uploaded, it's validated. If there's a validation error, resolve the issue and try uploading your package again.

1. When validation succeeds, review the extension details.

1. Click the **Continue** button.

   The **Availability** page opens.

<!-- ========================================================================== -->

> ## Step 3: Provide Availability details

Reviewer: lowercased 2x

You can change the visibility of your extension from **Public** to **Hidden**.  Users who installed your extension while the visibility was set to **Public** retain access to your extension and receive any updates you make available through the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Markets

Define the specific markets in which you plan to offer your extension.  The default setting for markets is all markets and that includes any future markets that are added later.

1. To choose specific markets, click the **Change markets** button.

1. Toggle individual markets to exclude each one or select **Unselect all** and then add individual markets of your choice.

   You can change the markets where your extension is offered.  A user who installs your extension while it's available in the user's market retains access to your extension.  However, the user doesn't have access to any future updates that are submitted to the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website.

1. Click the **Save & Continue** button.

   The **Properties** page opens.

<!-- ========================================================================== -->

> ## Step 4: Enter Properties describing your extension

Reviewer: lowercased 2x

| **Support contact details** | - | The URL to your support webpage, or the email address to contact your support team. |
| **Mature content** | - | Checkbox to specify if your extension includes mature content.  Extension rating helps determine the appropriate age group of the target audience of your extension.  To help determine if your extension has mature content, see [Developer policies for the Microsoft Edge Add-ons store](/legal/microsoft-edge/extensions/developer-policies). |

Properties that are not indicated as Required are Optional.

Your developer/organization name, **Website URL**, and **Support contact details** that you submitted during registration are displayed to users on the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website.

After filling in the **Properties** page for the extension, click the **Save & Continue** button.

> The **Store listings** page opens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Store Listings** page opens.
```
@captainbrosset - this is the extra one like one you pointed out.
@bhuvanapriyap - at Partner Ctr, left nav says "listings", top of page title says "Listings".  We're preferring the top-of-page capzn over mere nav capzn, when not specifically saying to click the nav text.

<!-- ========================================================================== -->

> ## Step 5: Add Store listing details for your extension

Reviewer: lowercased 2x

1. In the **Store Listings** page, click the **Edit details** button:

![Store listing section for an extension](./publish-extension-images/store-listing-section-for-extension.png)

> The information provided in the **Store listings** page is displayed to users who view your listing on the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website.  Even though some fields are optional, you should provide as much information as possible.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The information provided in the **Store Listings** page is displayed to users who view your listing on the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website.  Even though some fields are optional, you should provide as much information as possible.
```

Reviewer: rendered, to look at pngs:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/bhuvanapriyap-patch-2/microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/publish/publish-extension.md#step-5-add-store-listing-details-for-your-extension

Reviewer: inconsistent ui at P. C.:
left nav: listings
top of page: Listings.
@captainbrosset - a UI bug.  trends in several companies would go w/ lowercase for the page title. 
Changed all 2 instances to uppercase L.  That's ok b/c they are not specifically saying "click the words _x_ in the left nav."

In the **Language details** section, fill in the following properties.

| Property name | Required? | Description |
|---|---|---|
| **Display name** | Required for at least one language | The `name` of your extension specified in the manifest file of your extension.  To change the store display name after submission, you can update the name in the manifest file, create a new extension package, and then re-upload it. |

> | **Description** | Required for each language | The `description` field explains what your extension does, why users should install it, and any other relevant information users need to know.  <br/>* **Length:** Minimum 250 characters, maximum 5000 characters.  <br/>* **Clarity:** Must clearly describe the full functionality of your extension.  <br/>* **Completeness:** Should be thorough and should leave no important details out.  <br/>* **Appropriateness:** Must not contain any misleading or inappropriate content. |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| **Description** | Required for each language | The `description` field explains what your extension does, why users should install it, and any other relevant information users need to know.  <br/>* **Length:** Minimum 250 characters, maximum 5000 characters.  <br/>* **Clarity:** Must clearly describe the full functionality of your extension.  <br/>* **Completeness:** Should be thorough and include all important details.  <br/>* **Appropriateness:** Must not contain any misleading or inappropriate content. |
```

Reviewer: (the change was entered w/ my other account, not this main account)

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Visibility

Select one of the following visibility options to define whether your extension is discoverable in the [Microsoft Edge Add-ons website](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/Microsoft-Edge-Extensions-Home).

* `Public` (default) - Allows everyone to discover your extension through search, browsing in the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website, or using the listing URL to your extension in the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website.  The listing URL is available on your Partner Center dashboard on the Extension **Overview** webpage.

* `Hidden` - Removes extensions from search results or browsing in the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website.  To distribute hidden extensions in the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website, you must share the listing URL to the extension with your customers.

You can change the visibility of your extension from **Public** to **Hidden**.  Users who installed your extension while the visibility was set to **Public** retain access to your extension and receive any updates you make available through the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->

> #### Markets

Reviewer: Does UI now say "markets", or "languages"?
@Lakshmisha-KS @bhuvanapriyap

Reviewer 2: The UI says markets
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e54ae988-ab7d-440b-8d60-bc875a305f86)

1. Toggle individual markets to exclude each one or select **Unselect all** and then add individual markets of your choice.

   You can change the markets where your extension is offered.  A user who installs your extension while it's available in the user's market retains access to your extension.  However, the user doesn't have access to any future updates that are submitted to the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website.

> 1. Click the **Save & Continue** button.

Reviewer: is **Save & Continue** a button, or link?  Spelled correctly in this article?  
I'm not reg'd w/ Partner Center.

@bhuvanapriyap can you paste a screenshot of Partner Center > **Extension > Properties** webpage?  not found in nearby articles.  If you create screenshot, best to make window as narrow as feasible while still looking realistic - for sharpest result.

& -
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/a/ampersand

rendered article section:
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/publish/publish-extension?branch=pr-en-us-3330#step-4-select-properties-for-your-extension

Reviewer 2: It is a button

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/56349e71-f80d-4d02-9121-460f580f69de)

| **Website URL** | - | A webpage that provides additional information about your extension.  The `Website URL` must point to a webpage on your own website, not the web listing for your extension in the [Microsoft Edge Add-ons website](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/Microsoft-Edge-Extensions-Home).  The `Website URL` helps users learn more about your extension, its features, and any other relevant information. |
| **Support contact details** | - | The URL to your support webpage, or the email address to contact your support team. |
| **Mature content** | - | Checkbox to specify if your extension includes mature content.  Extension rating helps determine the appropriate age group of the target audience of your extension.  To help determine if your extension has mature content, see [Developer policies for the Microsoft Edge Add-ons store](/legal/microsoft-edge/extensions/developer-policies). |

Properties that are not indicated as Required are Optional.

> Your developer/organization name,<!-- todo: what field name? --> **Website URL**, and **Support contact details** that you submitted<!-- todo: before, or in this form? --> during registration are displayed to users on the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website.

Reviewer: What field on what page has your developer/organization name?

"**Support contact details** that you submitted during registration" - before, or in this form?

After filling in the **Properties** webpage for the extension, click the **Save & Continue** button.

> The **Store listings** section opens.<!-- todo: a webpage in this context, or section of webpage (which webpage & section)? -->

Reviewer: "The **Store listings** section opens." - in this context, is this a webpage, or a section of a webpage?  which webpage?

<!-- ========================================================================== -->
## Step 5: Add Store listing details for your extension

> The information provided in the **Store listings** webpage<!-- todo: a webpage in this context, or section of webpage (which webpage & section)? --> is displayed to users who view your listing on the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website.  Even though some fields are optional, you should provide as much information as possible.

Reviewer: "The **Store listings** webpage" - in this context, is this a webpage, or a section of a webpage?  which webpage & section?

In the **Language details** section<!-- todo: a webpage in this context, or section of webpage (which webpage & section)? -->, fill in the following properties.

| Property name | Required? | Description |
|---|---|---|
| **Display name** | Required for at least one language | The `name` of your extension specified in the manifest file of your extension.  To change the store display name after submission, you can update the name in the manifest file, create a new extension package, and then re-upload it. |

> | **Description** | Required for each language | The `description` field explains what your extension does, why users should install it, and any other relevant information users need to know.  Length: Minimum 250 characters, maximum 5000 characters.  Clarity: Must clearly describe the full functionality of your extension.  Completeness: Should be thorough and should leave no important details out.  Appropriateness: Must not contain any misleading or inappropriate content. |

Reviewer 2: Can we make the three points into bullet points
[Clarity](

- Clarity: Must clearly describe the full functionality of your extension.
- Completeness: Should be thorough and should leave no important details out.
- Appropriateness: Must not contain any misleading or inappropriate content.)

Reviewer: @Lakshmisha-KS , @bhuvanapriyap  - in Markdown, table cells are extremely limited formatting.
* bold
* links
* `<br/>` linebreak is supported, I tried it here, didn't work, will try again.  Will try * Foo.
* not lists

Reviewer: a solution pattern: when too much content in a table cell, requiring formatting, change to:
simple minimal content in table cell, + section heading below the table containing details/ formatting.

Reviewer: "naive" tagging test: attempting to put list within table cell:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/70d8de7c-1ed0-4416-a6fe-5660ec20dffd)

result (per VS Code > Preview, with Learn Auth Pack installed):
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f748f4ea-a37f-4fcb-96e9-d3e7c5c6799a)

Reviewer: test 2: `<br/>* Completeness: Should be thorough and should leave no important details out.`

result: (according to VS Code, which USUALLY is ALMOST same as real rendering):
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cfde55db-744c-4eb1-9519-24a01fbfe40e)

Reviewer: test 3: concated list items: `need to know.  <br/>* Length: Min`
result: pretty good:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/af887e26-5774-48c8-a318-745f92b2e5d8)

Reviewer: test 4: restoring bold per Bhuvana's initial commit:
```
| **Description** | Required for each language | The `description` field explains what your extension does, why users should install it, and any other relevant information users need to know.  <br/>* **Length:** Minimum 250 characters, maximum 5000 characters.  <br/>* **Clarity:** Must clearly describe the full functionality of your extension.  <br/>* **Completeness:** Should be thorough and should leave no important details out.  <br/>* **Appropriateness:** Must not contain any misleading or inappropriate content. |
```

result per Preview: 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2fccc044-7b7d-4636-b768-7bc80420f8c8)

will push commit and check real rendered at 
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/publish/publish-extension?branch=pr-en-us-3330#step-5-add-store-listing-details-for-your-extension

Reviewer: success:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9f84d431-a017-4a72-9b9d-afc03cccf07b)

thx @Lakshmisha-KS

| **YouTube video URL** | - | You can include a promotional YouTube video of your extension.  The `YouTube video URL` video is displayed on the store listing webpage of your extension. |
| **Short description** | Required for at least one language | To edit the `short description`, you must update the description field in your manifest file of your extension package and reupload it. |
| **Search terms** | - | `Search terms` are single words or phrases that help discover your extension when a user searches in the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website.  The search terms aren't displayed to users. |

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Required properties

To list your extension in the store, properties that are not indicated as Required in the above table are Optional.

The following Required properties must be provided for _each_ language (such as U.S. English; `en-US`) that's listed in your extension zip package:

> * **Description**.
> * **Extension Store logo**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Description**
* **Extension Store logo**
```

The following Required properties must be filled in for _at least one_ of the languages that's listed in your extension zip package:
**Display name**
**Short description**

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Supporting multiple languages

To support multiple languages, you can use the internationalization API ([chrome.i18n](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2167478)).

To add or remove languages in your store listing on the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website, use the **Add a language** dropdown list on the **Store listings** webpage.

You can duplicate your assets from one language across other languages by using the **Duplicate functionality** button on the **Language details** webpage.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### YouTube video URL requirements

> <!-- todo: which webpage in this context, or section of webpage (which webpage & section)? -->

Reviewer: "video" - in this context, is this a webpage, or a section of a webpage?  which webpage & section?

On the **Properties** webpage, enter the following information to specify properties of your extension.  The properties are displayed to users at the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website.

> Your developer/organization name,<!-- todo: what field name? --> **Website URL**, and **Support contact details** that you submitted<!-- todo: before, or in this form? --> during registration are displayed to users on the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website.

Reviewer: Where/when did the extension Dev provide their name or org name - in this form, or when initially creating their account?

per "Important" alert at bottom of live section:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/publish/publish-extension#step-4-select-properties-for-your-extension

| **Website URL** | - | A webpage that provides additional information about your extension.  The `Website URL` must point to a webpage on your own website, not the web listing for your extension in the [Microsoft Edge Add-ons website](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/Microsoft-Edge-Extensions-Home).  The `Website URL` helps users learn more about your extension, its features, and any other relevant information. |
| **Support contact details** | - | The URL to your support webpage, or the email address to contact your support team. |
| **Mature content** | - | Checkbox to specify if your extension includes mature content.  Extension rating helps determine the appropriate age group of the target audience of your extension.  To help determine if your extension has mature content, see [Developer policies for the Microsoft Edge Add-ons store](/legal/microsoft-edge/extensions/developer-policies). |

> Click the **Save & Continue** button<!-- todo: link, or button? --> to continue to the **Store listings** section.

Reviewer: is **Save & Continue** a button, or link?  Spelled correctly in this article?  where to see that UI?

& -
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/a/ampersand

<!-- ========================================================================== -->
## Step 5: Add Store listing details for your extension

The information provided in the following section is displayed to users who review your listing on the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website.  Even though some fields are optional, you should provide as much information as possible.

To list your extension in the store, the following details are required:
* **Display name**.
* **Description** for each language in your extension package. To support multiple languages, you can use the internationalization API ([chrome.i18n](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2167478)).
* **Extension Store logo** for each language in your extension package.
* **Short description**.

> The minimum required store listing details must be filled-out for at least one of the languages<!-- todo: spoken langs, or coding langs? --> mentioned in your extension zip package.  To add or remove languages in your store listing on the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website, use the **Add a language** dropdown list on the **Store listings** webpage.  Additionally, you can duplicate your assets from one language across others using the **Duplicate functionality** button on the **Language details** webpage.

Reviewer: spoken langs, or coding langs? - 
"The minimum required store listing details must be filled-out for at least one of the languages mentioned in your extension zip package."

rendered:
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/publish/publish-extension?branch=pr-en-us-3330#step-5-add-store-listing-details-for-your-extension

| **Support contact details** | - | The URL to your support webpage, or the email address to contact your support team. |
| **Mature content** | - | Checkbox to specify if your extension includes mature content.  Extension rating helps determine the appropriate age group of the target audience of your extension.  To help determine if your extension has mature content, see [Developer policies for the Microsoft Edge Add-ons store](/legal/microsoft-edge/extensions/developer-policies). |

Properties that are not indicated as Required are Optional.

Click the **Save & Continue** button<!-- todo: link, or button? --> to continue to the **Store listings** section.

<!-- ========================================================================== -->
## Step 5: Add Store listing details for your extension

The information provided in the following section is displayed to users who review your listing on the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website.  Even though some fields are optional, you should provide as much information as possible.

> To list your extension in the store, the following details are required:<!-- todo: for each lang? -->

Reviewer: should lead-in say "for each language"?  List is missing two required properties according to table below.  Are all 4 properties required for at least one language?

live:
https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/publish/publish-extension#step-5-add-store-listing-details-for-your-extension

PR rendered section:
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/publish/publish-extension?branch=pr-en-us-3330#step-5-add-store-listing-details-for-your-extension

Reviewer: this "required" section seems to add confusion bc it is incomplete and is redundant with info in the table below.  I might try merging this paragraph/list into the table, and design the section lead-in to cover the point.

*  Up to a maximum of seven search terms (single word or phrases).  Each search term has a character limit of 30 characters.

> <!-- todo: what UI actions to fill in this page and proceed?

Reviewer: what UI actions to fill in this page and proceed?

1. On the store listing details webpage, paste the URL in the **YouTube video URL** field.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Search terms requirements

> <!-- todo: webpage, or section of webpage (which webpage)? -->

Reviewer 2: Section of webpage
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d9fe44bb-c135-434e-a0cd-a835e8b39124)

Search terms must meet the following requirements:

*  You can enter search terms to use up to a maximum of 21 words.  Whether used as single words, phrases, or a combination of both, you're only allowed a maximum of 21 words.

*  Up to a maximum of seven search terms (single word or phrases).  Each search term has a character limit of 30 characters.

> <!-- todo: what UI actions to fill in this webpage and proceed?

Reviewer: after providing search terms, what UI action do you do to move to next step?

Reviewer 2: The developer will need to click on Close
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3487d0f9-883c-4c7f-a4f1-3901b48d085e)

and land back on store listing page

![Uploading image.png…]()

Reviewer: @Lakshmisha-KS - your 2nd png didn't get uploaded, below "and land back on store listing page"

1. Click the **Foo** button.  The **Submit your extension** webpage opens.
-->

<!-- ========================================================================== -->
## Step 6: Complete the submission by providing testing notes

On the **Submit your extension** webpage, add notes for certification to help test your extension.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Notes for certification (optional)

> <!-- todo: how do you get from the **Submit your extension** webpage to the **Notes for certification** webpage? -->

Reviewer: how do you get from the **Submit your extension** webpage to the **Notes for certification** webpage?

Reviewer 2: We go from Publish to Submit you extension which as the Notes for certification webpage
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a015fdcd-6852-4a9d-8688-0619bd29f44c)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8dd91d69-2a41-4050-9260-f632e55d368c)
